this stuff is crazy oh my gosh it is
glitter it's glitter on your face hello
my friends welcome to my March favorites
video oh my goodness it seems like I
just filmed the fairy favorites and now
we're already into the March favorites
but this is the thing I'm loving about
doing these favorites videos it gives me
an excuse to buy new things every month
because like all I need to try new
things so that I have things to try for
my favorite videos I can tell you guys
all about the best and worst products
that i have tried this month the way we
do we do a countdown style we start with
number 10 the worst product I tried this
month and we work our way all the way up
to number one the best product I tried
this month and I think it might surprise
you so let's go ahead and jump in to
number ten number ten is actually the
most expensive product that I tried this
month when you count per ounce this is a
sample size of the giorgio armani fluid
shear this stuff is crazy oh my gosh it
is glitter it's glitter on your face
like it's crazy I tried it on I was I
don't know what I was thinking I put it
on before work and I was like what did I
just do he had glitter all over my face
I was like now I don't know when this
would look good on anybody I don't get
it maybe if you use this giorgio armani
fluid shear maybe in the comments below
you can tell me when you use this when
is it okay to have glitter all over your
face I don't know it's not a glow it's
actual glitter I'm so confused so this
was a big no for me at number 10 number
9 is a brand new product from benefit it
is called do the hula and I do own the
hoola bronzer and I really really like
it this is supposed to be a liquid
version of it and it has a pump on it
which is very nice and what you do is
you are supposed to Pat it on to the
cheeks and then blend it in and it's
supposed to give you a nice glow similar
to the hoola bronzer now this did not
have the same tone as the hoola bronzer
I don't know what they did as far as
picking the tone because the tone of a
bronzer is like the key to it being
great or really really bad
and this turned out bad because it's
orange it's straight up orange I don't
know what benefit was thinking on this
one unless they are looking for someone
with a very very warm skin tone this may
work for you but for my neutral skin
tone it was overpoweringly orange so I'm
gonna go ahead and pass this along to my
friend Veronica VCB she is part of the
wets of makeup community she's the one
who sent me my tartlet palette this is
going to go to Veronica and I hope that
she loves it she is of a deeper skin
tone so I think that she's going to like
a lot better than what I liked it so I
am passing this along this did not work
for me number 8 this month was another
surprisingly expensive product that i
just did not enjoy and the reason why i
didn't enjoy it i think is because it
just didn't do what i expected it to do
this is the Kat Von D color correcting I
shadow primer expected this to Munich
discoloration on my lids similar to the
Urban Decay primer potion and Eden we're
completely erases any kind of
discoloration where this kind of calms
down the discoloration it doesn't mute
it out completely it just kind of I
don't know it just makes it it's almost
like a translucent kind of look rather
than an opaque muting out of
discoloration if that makes sense it
just didn't perform what I would expect
for a kat von d product or a product of
this price tag so this is actually going
to be going back to the store and not
happy with this if a next product is
kind of a shocker because I know these
are really really popular these are the
violet vols liquid lipsticks and I like
liquid lipsticks I can handle some
dryness like I can handle the colour-pop
liquid lipsticks I can even handle the
kat von d liquid lipsticks these dried
my lips out so bad that it was
incredibly uncomfortable what I ended up
doing was I used my Smashbox over top of
it the Smashbox mattify stuff over top
that was in my favorites last month and
that let me keep the map feeling without
having the the dryness of it these are
insanely drawing I could not believe it
and then they cracked on my lips after a
while and then I don't know I know these
are so popular and don't understand I
have the shade
and naughty and I've used lost quite a
few times and I want to love it I really
want to love it it's a beautiful shade
they're absolutely beautiful just the
drawing I can't take so they're moving
toward you know the higher end of the
things I didn't like this month okay
this product was the best of the things
I didn't really like it I'm going to be
returning this is the tart rainforest of
the sea eyeshadow palette now I know
some of you absolutely love this and I
do feel like the formula is a little
better on this than some of the other
eye shadow palettes that I've tried and
I know that some of you are gonna be
like oh my gosh I can't believe it you
didn't like it I don't like it I don't
one thing i will say about this is when
i looked at this in the pictures i saw
it and it looked like it was going to be
very light in tone all the way around
but it really isn't you've got a nice
mix of deeps going all the way to light
the college selection here is perfect it
is absolutely perfect I think they did a
really really nice job with that it's
just I have trouble getting to them to
build on my lids and then once i get a
beautiful look which you can get a
beautiful look with this I feel like by
the end of the day they've just
completely mudding together completely
money together and faded and it just
doesn't have the lasting power that I
expect from a more expensive eyeshadow
palette I wouldn't say that this is like
on the scale of where I would put like
my revlon palette or some of those
pallets that are like real drug story
where they fade really bad I would say
this is a step up from the drugstore
pouts I don't think that this quality is
as good as my Coastal Scents palette my
morphe my my makeup geek this is not
this is not as good as those so this is
actually going to go back to the store
because i'm starting to fall in love
with the tar train force of the sea
foundation that's what i'm wearing on my
face today and I think I'm in love I got
a sample of it and I think I want a
full-size so I'd rather trade this for
that because I think I'm really going to
love that so this is going to go back to
the store again it's not bad it's just
not as good as I want it to be for the
price tag okay now we're moving into
products that i really truly like i
really like these five products and i
probably could interchange some of these
so there really isn't like a straight
except for the top to these three
they're coming could really be
interchangeable so this I got a sample
of this is the hangover or X
replenishing face primer by to face this
has been around forever I had never
tried it I'm really enjoying it a lot I
like this much better than the primed
and poreless the prime importance is
more of a silicon based formula it's got
that on that smoothness like the
Smashbox photo ready this is more of a
lotion based primer it is silicone free
it has coconut water it's probiotic
based and has skin revivers in it and
I'm really enjoying this I feel like
this be really good for people with dry
skin I think this would be really nice
to hydrate the skin with that coconut
water in there and it does smell like
coconut water it doesn't smell like
sweet coconuts like you think about like
coconut rum you know that's what I think
up right away what I think of a fake
coconut smell suntan lotion things like
that it's got like a true coconut water
kind of scent it's very very pleasant
and I very much enjoy this keeps my
makeup on really long time and just a
very enjoyable product so definitely
recommend on this one another one I was
really surprised that I like this is the
julep vanishing cuticle softener and
remover I've been using this on my nails
I'd never used a cuticle remover before
they've always kind of freaked me out a
little bit but I have noticed a
noticeable difference in the strength of
my nails and also just in the like when
you push your cuticles back I had never
really done that before so this was kind
of an eye-opening product for me you
know not being a beauty guru that knows
everything about beauty I had never done
any kind of product like this and what
you do is you take this milky stuff on
the dropper and you lay it on top of
your cuticle so I lay it on top of my
whole hand and then I start from the
base and I just take my finger now
you're supposed to use a cuticle pusher
but I don't have one or you can use an
orange dick I just use my fingernail I
don't know if that's okay or not but
that's what I do and then I just kind of
push back and I scrape away any kind of
yuckiness any kind of you know stuff
that comes off and then I washed my
hands after I'm done I feel like it
takes away a lot of discoloration I feel
like when I've got like a bright blue
nail polish and a deep blue it takes
away some of the staining it's just a
very very nice nail product so if you
like nail products
especially if you have a jewel of
subscription I definitely recommend
checking this one out alright the next
one is kind of a makeup hack sort of and
and you don't have to do this with the
bioderma I got this in my beautylish
lucky bag i also have a really big one
for my ship my friend Shannon Quinn who
sent that to me from Canada I'm so so
thankful for triangle bioderma I have
not tried the the goring yay 1 i've
heard it's very very similar so you
could do this with the garnier as well I
think I've been doing a lot lately is I
keep this at my makeup station where I
put my makeup on and I take one of these
pointy q-tips you can get these at Ulta
and I just a lot of beauty places Beauty
Supply places the pointy ones and I just
stick it like this I dumped it over like
that and then I use this to clean off
the side of my makeup because I feel
like a lot of times especially as I'm
using darker colors just smoke out my
outer corner I get makeup from here down
like a lot of mess so what I do is I
just take this and I put that kind of
where my wing is and just stripe that
out and clean up the outside and it has
made such a difference in my eye looks
I'm really enjoying it so you don't even
have to use the bioderma you could use
just a makeup remover I really really
like the Mary Kay makeup remover that's
really good for this kind of technique
just any of your favorite makeup remover
so it's not really the bio drummer it's
more of the hack of being able doing
this to clean up my eyeshadow I've
really been enjoying it a lot i do
recommend it by a jabra it's super fab
but you know I want to share that with
you because I'm excited about it all
right top two products are gonna be
surprised because my bottom products
were alike giorgio armani and benefit
and kat von d you know my top products
or a drugstore so my exciting citing
purchase I got this Kardashian beauty
radiant ombre blush and this is in the
shade blue air hombre I believe is how
you say it it's number 5 15 this is a
fantastic blush oh my gosh I was shocked
at how much I like this I think it was
six dollars something like that I'm
wearing it today I really like this a
lot I'm really enjoying it you can go
for the lighter shades or the darker
shades if you want to i actually use
that as an eyeshadow today on the center
part of my lid lasting power is
wonderful I can see it at the end of the
day and I would compare this to my
high-end blushes like I can't believe it
it's nice and nice and buildable like
the tart blushes how you put them on and
they're really light but then the more
you can just build them up very nicely
this is so buildable it's a wonderful
product I mean I am NOT a fan of the
Kardashians but I have a fan of this
blush and I have to tell you about it
because it's inexpensive and you know
maybe I don't really like the
Kardashians but you know they did pretty
well in the blush good job good job
ladies on the blush and then the very
last my number one products number one
products is the makeup revolution London
it says the Salvation pallid this is the
girls on film palette I went to Alta and
they were almost sold out of all the
makeup revolution stuff they were not
sold out of this I was excited to get
this I do want to get some more makeup
revolution products but oh my gosh this
is so good and the reason why I know
about this is just from the community
you know people know what's up makeup
community you're always talking about
makeup revolution Jen you've gotta try
it you gotta try guy try it so this was
ten dollars and worth every penny of
that ten dollars I shadows are so easy
to work with so easy to blend they last
pretty much all day they're not perfect
as far as the lasting power but for a
ten-dollar palette I will definitely
take this over any other drug store
palettes that I own it's very very nice
definitely beats out my morphe palette
it's about the same as my Coastal Scents
I think the makeup geek beats it by just
a tad but it's easier easier to get this
than it is to get those products for
similar prices because you can pick this
up at Ulta if you have an altar near you
or ulta calm and if you are in the UK
girlfriend you already know about this
it's been around forever so the only
thing I'm my only critique is just the
packaging just looks kind of cheap like
it just looks like a cheesy product but
I don't care you know it's just a really
really good product these shimmery
shades are beautiful the matte shades
work really well I have no complaints
about this palette and it comes with a
mirror which is super awesome so that is
my March favorites I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did don't forget to
hit the subscribe button it's right over
there don't forget to do that so you
don't miss my favorites in the future
and if you click my face right now it
will take you actually I'm gonna put you
and take you to my fab you wear
favorites a video showed that you don't
miss that because that was a good one
lots of other good stuff in my februari
favorite so that's going to be if you
click my face now also i have over there
my latest make up new show which is
called what's the make up if you want to
see the latest releases that came out
just this past week you can click there
to find out and thank you so much for
taking time out of your day to watch my
video it truly means so much to me mad
love and I'll see you soon bye